oh boy
math riddles that will stump even your
smartest friends you know math puzzles
continue to become more and more popular
they seem very easy at first
but many people end up getting them all
wrong do you want to test your logic
skills number one let's start easy take
a look at your telephones number pad and
answer this what number would you get if
you multiply all of its numbers you have
some time to count here's the answer you
didn't forget about zero right whatever
is multiplied by zero will give you zero
this golden rule of math always works
number two find a correct answer to this
math equation three plus three times
three minus three plus three
[Music]
and time is over if your answer is 12
you're absolutely right
three plus nine is 12 12 minus three
plus three is still 12 let's see how you
pass our next question number three what
is half of two plus two time is ticking
it's not two but three half of 2 is 1
and 1 plus 2 is 3 nice and easy
yeah number 4 just a simple math
question for you
what is 40 divided by 1/2 plus 15
dividing by 1/2 is basically multiplying
by 2 remember now I really don't anyway
so 40 times 2 equals 80 80 plus 15 is 95
props to you if you didn't get
distracted number 5 what is 50 percent
divided by 2
you have 15 seconds to prepare your
answer
[Music]
it's actually just one you have to think
outside of the box for this one 50% is
1/2 right 1/2 divided by 1/2 will give
you 1 did you get it well pull yourself
together
the next question is coming number 6
how can you make 1,000 by using 8
exactly 8 times keep in mind that you
can only use addition in your equation
try to come up with the answer in 15
seconds the right equation is 888 plus
88 plus 8 plus 8 plus 8 equals 1000 do
you have a different but still correct
answer share it in the comments below
number 7 can you take one from 19 and
leave 20 you have 15 seconds to figure
out a way
you can easily do it with Roman numerals
20 is xx well 19 is XIX taking one eye
from XIX we'll leave a perfect xx I
guess this one is x-rated number 8
here's your next task 1 plus 1 plus 1
plus 1 plus 1 1 plus 1 plus 1 plus 1
plus 1 1 plus 1 multiplied by 0 plus 1
equals can you solve this you have 15
seconds know the right answer is not 1
and it's not 12 either it's actually 2
the first two lines aren't part of the
equation so 1 plus 0 plus 1 gives us 2
as a result you know I had a math
teacher like this vicious woman vicious
woman number 9 so pay attention 1 1 1 2
1 1 2 1 1 1 1 2 2 1 3 1 2 2 1 1 will
help can you figure out the last number
in this sequence
and the answer is well we didn't
actually find an answer to this last
riddle do you have any ideas tell us in
the comment section below don't forget
to give us a thumbs up share this video
with your friends and subscribe to our
channel if you want to stay on the
bright side until next time